Question 1:
	How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see
	the bug that was introduced?

Reflections:
	A diff or FC(For windows) compares the contents of the two files and
	displays the lines where it finds differences along with the line
	numbers. It is helpful in a quick comparison in case of very large
	files and thus reduces the tediousness of the file comparison
	process.

Question 2:
	How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make
	you a more efficient programmer in the long term?

Reflections:
	The history of a file makes it possible to see the earlier versions
	of a particular file. It helps in analysing common mistakes which
	can be later corrected. It also helps in reverting back to an
	earlier working or stable version of file.

Question 3:
	What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when
	to create a commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions
	automatically saved, like Google docs does?

Reflections:
	better control over frequency of commits

Question 4:
	Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow
	saving multiple files in one commit, while others, like Google
	Docs, treat each file separately?

Reflections:
	Git commit with multiple files are used for files that are interdependent. Google Docs treats each file separately.

Question 5:
	How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the
	history of files?

Reflections:
	to use git log type the command git log on the git bash when
	repository is pwd. It shows all the commits with their ids and
	comments added about commits. To use git diff, type git diff 
	followed by ids of two commits to be compared. It gives the
	the deleted and added lines with their line numbers and 
	highlighted in color.

Question 6:
	How might using version control make you more confident to make
	changes that could break something?

Reflections:
	Version control makes it convenient to use the last working or bug
	free code in case a bug is introduced inadvertently. It also makes
	it possible to find the bug by using the diff command.

Question 7:
	Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try
	using Git for?

Reflections:
	I am going to use git for all my coding and writing purposes from
	now on.